rules.md, before:

#Rules

**A. General Composure**

1. Maintain a pleasant, casual atmosphere. Be respectful and use common sense. Excessive swearing, rudeness and harassment is not tolerated.
2. Try to maintain proper spelling and grammar.
3. Do not spam. This includes repeatedly advertising your server. 
4. Do not link to any of the following: Objectionable material, which includes but is not limited to pornography, "shock sites", viruses, phishing sites and hate groups.
5. Other websites or servers in a manner that constitutes advertising.
6. Personal identifying information of other users.
7. Do not encourage or partake in rule breaking on McHost services.
8. Do not impersonate any member of the McHost staff, or claim to be a staff member.
10. Do not use spam bots in hub to obstruct chat or vote farm. 
11. Report issues or bugs of McHost services to either the forums or to lokeys@mchost.co; exploitation of bugs for any reason other than to demonstrate at the request of a staff member will result in a punishment.
12. Follow any directions given by a McHost staff member. If you believe a staff member has directed you wrongly, please email lokeys@mchost.co.

***
**B. Teamspeak**

1. Do not impersonate other players on Teamspeak.
2. Your Teamspeak name should be your in-game name or some easily identified variation.
3. Do not spam actions that send messages to others (such as spamming mute, pokes or disconnecting and reconnecting repeatedly).

***
**C. Consequences**

1. Players may receive an in game warning or an infraction for breaking any of the rules above, depending on the severity of the violation.
2. The severity of the infraction is usually based on the player’s previous infractions.
3. In particularly serious or blatant cases of rules violation, including but not limited to using a hacking client on the servers, or consistently team griefing despite moderator intervention, will result in an immediate permanent ban, without warning.
4. Players with many warnings for the same rule may be temporarily banned without notice.
5. Ban evasion is not permitted and will result in a permanent ban for all alternate accounts associated with the evading player. The alternate accounts will not be unbanned once the original ban expired, and the original ban may be extended up to thrice the length of the original ban. (e.g. 1 week ban becomes up to a 3 week ban).
6. Persistent ban evasion will result in a permanent ban for all accounts.
7. Players violating any forum rules may be banned from posting to the forums.
8. Players violating any Teamspeak rules may be kicked or banned from the Teamspeak server.
9. Players violating the rules on any McHost service, including the game servers and Teamspeak, may be banned from any or all of the services.
10. All infractions may be appealed by filing an appeal.
11. Any player that knowingly gives false info in his or her appeal may be permanently banned.

Commit message:

add rule stating only using ASCII characters in chat.

rules.md, after:

#Rules

**A. General Composure**

1. Maintain a pleasant, casual atmosphere. Be respectful and use common sense. Excessive swearing, rudeness and harassment is not tolerated.
2. Try to maintain proper spelling and grammar.
3. Use only ASCII characters in chat (no crazy unicodes).
4. Do not spam. This includes repeatedly advertising your server. 
5. Do not link to any of the following: Objectionable material, which includes but is not limited to pornography, "shock sites", viruses, phishing sites and hate groups.
6. Other websites or servers in a manner that constitutes advertising.
7. Personal identifying information of other users.
8. Do not encourage or partake in rule breaking on McHost services.
9. Do not impersonate any member of the McHost staff, or claim to be a staff member.
10. Do not use spam bots in hub to obstruct chat or vote farm. 
11. Report issues or bugs of McHost services to either the forums or to lokeys@mchost.co; exploitation of bugs for any reason other than to demonstrate at the request of a staff member will result in a punishment.
12. Follow any directions given by a McHost staff member. If you believe a staff member has directed you wrongly, please email luke@mchost.co.

***
**B. Teamspeak**

1. Do not impersonate other players on Teamspeak.
2. Your Teamspeak name should be your in-game name or some easily identified variation.
3. Do not spam actions that send messages to others (such as spamming mute, pokes or disconnecting and reconnecting repeatedly).

***
**C. Consequences**

1. Players may receive an in game warning or an infraction for breaking any of the rules above, depending on the severity of the violation.
2. The severity of the infraction is usually based on the player’s previous infractions.
3. In particularly serious or blatant cases of rules violation, including but not limited to using a hacking client on the servers, or consistently team griefing despite moderator intervention, will result in an immediate permanent ban, without warning.
4. Players with many warnings for the same rule may be temporarily banned without notice.
5. Ban evasion is not permitted and will result in a permanent ban for all alternate accounts associated with the evading player. The alternate accounts will not be unbanned once the original ban expired, and the original ban may be extended up to thrice the length of the original ban. (e.g. 1 week ban becomes up to a 3 week ban).
6. Persistent ban evasion will result in a permanent ban for all accounts.
7. Players violating any forum rules may be banned from posting to the forums.
8. Players violating any Teamspeak rules may be kicked or banned from the Teamspeak server.
9. Players violating the rules on any McHost service, including the game servers and Teamspeak, may be banned from any or all of the services.
10. All infractions may be appealed by filing an appeal.
11. Any player that knowingly gives false info in his or her appeal may be permanently banned.
